+++
date = '2024-12-25T06:42:44+08:00'
draft = true

comments = true
#ShowBreadCrumbs = true//show： Home 和/Section
#模板一个
title = '11-模板一个'
+++

This is 11.md??
{{<collapse summary="selenium-green" openByDefault="true">}}
<div class="Inner mx-auto text-center p-4">
<p>你好呀</p>
{{</collapse>}}
how are you
{{<rawhtml>}}
<header class="flex-none w-100">
<h1 class="lh-title mb3 mv0 pt3 primary-color-dark">
Privacy
</h1>
</header>
<hr>
<div class="mb4 f4 fw4 lh-copy">
<p>
Configure your site to facilitate compliance with regional privacy regulations.
</p>
</div>
<div class="mb4">
<p>General Data Protection Regulation (<a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/General_Data_Protection_Regulation" rel="external">GDPR</a>) is a regulation in EU law on data protection and privacy for all individuals within the European Union and the European Economic Area. It became enforceable on 25 May 2018.
</p>
<p><strong>Hugo is a static site generator. By using Hugo you are already standing on very solid ground. Static HTML files on disk are much easier to reason about compared to server and database driven websites.
</strong>
</p>
<p>
But even static websites can integrate with external services, so from version <code>0.41</code>, Hugo provides a privacy configuration that covers the relevant built-in templates.
</p>
</div>

<div id="non-tag-list">
<p>Notice that</p>
<ul>
    <li>
    These settings have their defaults setting set to off, i.e. how it worked before Hugo 0.41. You must do your own evaluation of your site and apply the appropriate settings.
    </li>
    <li>These settings work with the <a>embedded templates</a>. Some theme may contain custom templates for embedding services like Google Analytics. In that case these options have no effect.
    </li>
    <li>
    We will continue this work and improve this further in future Hugo versions.
    </li>
</ul>
</div>

<header class =""><h1>All Privacy
<svg class="fill-current o-60 hover-accent-color-light" height="22" viewBox="0 0 24 24" width="22"><path d="M0 0h24v24H0z" fill="none"></path><path d="M3.9 12c0-1.71 1.39-3.1 3.1-3.1h4V7H7c-2.76.0-5 2.24-5 5s2.24 5 5 5h4v-1.9H7c-1.71.0-3.1-1.39-3.1-3.1zM8 13h8v-2H8v2zm9-6h-4v1.9h4c1.71.0 3.1 1.39 3.1 3.1s-1.39 3.1-3.1 3.1h-4V17h4c2.76.0 5-2.24 5-5s-2.24-5-5-5z"></path></svg></h1>
</header>
<div class="mb4">
<dl>
<dt>
simple
</dt>
<dd>
If simple mode is enabled, a static and no-JS version of the Instagram image card will be built. Note that this only supports image cards and the image itself will be fetched from Instagram’s servers.
</dd>
</dl></div>
<p>
<strong>Notice:</strong>
If you use the simple mode for Instagram and a site styled with Bootstrap 4, you may want to disable the inline styles provided by Hugo:
</p>
{{</rawhtml>}}